{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f2\fnil Times New Roman;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sl204\slmult0\qc\b\caps\f0\fs48\lang9 Keitron wallace\par
\trowd\trgaph885\trleft-1230\trrh282\trpaddl885\trpaddr885\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw48\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw48\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw48\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw48\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx10727 
\pard\intbl\qc\b0\caps0\fs22 keitronwallace@gmail.com | (702) 776-2522 \f1\cell\row 
\pard\keep\keepn\sb240\sl216\slmult0\caps\f0\fs26 education \par
\trowd\trgaph885\trleft-936\trrh1306\trpaddl885\trpaddr885\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw48\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw48\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw48\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw48\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx10943 
\pard\intbl\ri576\b\caps0\fs22 Mississippi State University, \i Starkville MS\par
\b0\i0 Bachelor of Science in Psychology\par
\b Date of Graduation: \b0 May 2015                                                             \b Cumulative GPA: \b0 3.16\par
\b Related Courses:\b0  Abnormal Psychology, Biological Psychology, Psychological Statistics, Developmental Psychology, Drug Use & Abuse, Organic Chemistry, Cellular Biology\f1\cell\row 
\pard\keep\keepn\sb240\sl216\slmult0\caps\f0\fs26\par
Experience\par
\trowd\trgaph114\trleft-30\trrh1\trpaddl114\trpaddr114\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw48\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw48\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw48\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw48\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx10861 
\pard\intbl\ri576\b\caps0\fs22 Junior Developer, Mississippi Coding Academy\par
(\i Jackson, MS)\par
\b0\i0 August 2021 - Current\par

\pard\intbl{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\ri576 Attending and contributing to company development meetings.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Learn company codebase while improving coding skills.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Writing and maintaining code.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Working on minor bug fixes.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Monitoring the technical performance of internal systems.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Responding to requests from the development team.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Gathering information from consumers about program functionality.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Writing reports.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Conducting development tests.\b\par

\pard\intbl\ri576\par
Child and Family Protective Agent, Mississippi Department of Child Protection Services\par
\i  \i0 (\i Ackerman, MS\i0 ) \par

\pard\intbl\ri144\b0 December 2020 \f2\endash\f0  February 2021\par

\pard\intbl{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\ri576 Review reports of an alleged case of abuse or neglect.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Investigate the case through interviews with key people, including children, parents, other relatives, and medical providers.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Collect documentary evidence such as medical reports, arrest records, and court filings.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Assess the risk of potential continued danger to the client.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Plan and coordinate interventions to aid clients and their families to enhance a safe environment.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Partner with other state agencies and programs to provide adequate services that address subjective needs.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Follow up and submit confidential documents outlining the investigation and the resulting actions that were taken.\par

\pard\intbl\li720\ri576\b\par

\pard\intbl\ri576 Cook, Aramark Fresh Food Co.\i  \i0 (\i Mississippi State, MS\i0 ) \par

\pard\intbl\ri144\sa120\b0 February 2020 - October 2020\par

\pard\intbl{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\ri576 Implement tasks assigned by location manager for proper food preparation and food service.\b\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\b0 Provide necessary adjustments to service menu.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Set up workstations with all needed ingredients and cooking equipment.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Prepare ingredients to use in cooking (chopping and peeling vegetables, cutting meat etc.).\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Cook food in/with various utensils or grillers.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Monitor food status for product excellence.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Keep a sanitized and orderly environment in the kitchen.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Ensure all food and other items are stored properly.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Check the quality of ingredients.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Maintain proper inventory control. \b\par

\pard\intbl{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\ri576\sa100\b0 Monitor stock and place orders when there are shortages.\par

\pard\intbl\ri576\b Line Cook,\~Renaissance Marriott (\i Las Vegas, NV\i0 )\par

\pard\intbl\ri144\sa120\b0 July 2018 - December 2019\par

\pard\intbl{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\ri576 Responsible for preparing and finishing foods on all stations with the kitchen\b\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\b0 Meet quality standards, as well as maintaining the cleanliness and sanitation of the work areas and equipment in accordance with Health Department standards.\b\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\b0 Assist the Executive Chef as needed in execution of production.\b\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\b0 Properly label and date all products to ensure safekeeping and sanitation.\b\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\b0 Must be able to breakdown workstation and complete closing duties which include but not limited to returning all food items to the proper storage areas, rotate all returned product, wrap, cover, label and date all items being put away, straighten up and organize all storage areas, clean up and wipe down food prep area, reach-in and walk ins.\b\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\b0 Maintain accurate inventories while informing management of restocking needs to prevent product shortages.\b\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\b0 Notifies chef on duty prior to end of shift if unable to complete assigned task(s) within allotted time.\b\par

\pard\intbl\li720\ri576\sa100\par

\pard\intbl\ri576 Brewer\rquote s Assistant, Blue Star Brewing Co. (\i San Antonio, TX\i0 )\par
\b0 July 2017 - June 2018\par

\pard\intbl{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\ri576 Assist brew master in all tasks related to the production and distribution of craft beer. \b\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\b0 Monitor inventory levels and proper storage of materials and supplies in accordance with established policies and procedures.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Handle hazardous chemicals with care and adhere to safety precautions\b\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\b0 Adjust price margins for wine to be sold according to popular trends to maximize profits. \b\par

\pard\intbl{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\ri576\sa100\b0 Sanitize and maintain machinery equipment.\b\par

\pard\intbl{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\b0\fs23 Running tests on products to detect inconsistent or contaminated batches\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Keeping track of inventory and alerting appropriate parties when running low on raw materials\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Assisting with prep work, including milling, mashing, boiling, transferring, and cooling\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Racking beer from fermenters to tanks\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Keeping the facility clean and functional\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Performing any necessary maintenance, including equipment inspection\par

\pard\intbl\li720\par

\pard\intbl\b Sales Associate, Colony Wine Market (\i Madison, MS\i0 )\par

\pard\intbl\ri576\b0\fs22 September 2015 - July 2017\par

\pard\intbl{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\fs23 Assist customers in the location of wine and spirits as well as providing any additional information regarding the product.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Track inventory of wine and spirits.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Must have an in-depth knowledge of the vinification process.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Adjust price point margins on store bought wine and spirits to ensure profit for the business.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Participate in wine/spirit tasting to better foster a relationship with wine/spirits distributors\par

\pard\intbl\li720\par

\pard\intbl\ri576\b\fs22 Resident Assistant, Mississippi State University (\i Starkville, MS\i0 )\par
\b0 February 2012 - August 2015\b\par

\pard\intbl{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\ri576\b0 Oversee various camps and functions taking place on the campus of Mississippi State. \b\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\b0 Delegate tasks to be performed by student workers. \b\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\b0 Help foster community growth with freshman students to aid in student retention for on-campus living. \b\par

\pard\intbl{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\ri576\sa100\b0 Maintain open communication with camp supervisors and departments on campus to better accommodate the visiting campers.\b\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\b0 Demonstrate sensitivity with respect to the privacy of students and student information. \par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Information that is seen, observed, heard, or brought to attention should be treated confidential and shared with supervisors only. Does not apply if information involves the harming of oneself or another student.\par

\pard\intbl\li360\ri576\sa100\f1\cell\row 
\pard\ri576\sa100\tx4880\f0\fs2\tab\par

\pard\keep\keepn\sb240\sl216\slmult0\caps\fs26 REFERENCES\par
\trowd\trgaph885\trrh26\trpaddl885\trpaddr885\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw48\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw48\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw48\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw48\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx11010 
\pard\intbl\ri576\caps0\f1\fs22\cell\row 
\pard\ri576\sa100\f0 PROVIDED UPON REQUEST\fs2\par
}
 